Theme : Fantasy, Gods, Devils
Battle system : Final Fantasy
Final boss power : Save, load, pause, resume

Set in an universe where devils and evil gods led by Hades who had lost his weapon have broken out from the underworld because of a mysterious powerful figure (Gametheos) and waged war upon humanity. Good Gods led by Zeus have came down to earth to support the ongoing war between humans and devils. Humans now use god power forged weaponry.

The story follows a soldier who left the battlefield and ran for his life when he was chased by a cyclops and stumbled upon a hole with a large box which contained Hades' Bident. The protagonist then uses the weapon to kill the cyclops and then he was drawn by the bident to go back to it's original master.
The soldier came back to his town to report his founding to Zeus. Zeus told him that the bident should never be back in hades' hands and told him that the only way to defeat Hades is to use his own weapon. People at the village tried to take the bident but they can't as the weapon rejects them but accepted the soldier.

The soldier goes on a journey to hunt Hades and kill him. Along the way he meets new allies and enemies (Medusa, Sirens, Hydra, Cerberus, Ares, Loki, Chimera, Minotaur, Typhon)

When he reached and fought Hades, he won and was surprised when the mysterious figure showed himself and revealed that he was the one behind the war. He was the one who put the weapon there, he was the one who unleashed the demons, and he was the one who brainwashed Hades into waging a war.

Gametheos also revealed that Hades' Bident can only be carried by Hades and someone with Hades' blood. It turns out the soldier is a demigod and is Hades' son. Hades snapped out of his brainwash when he heard this and helped the protagonist defeat gametheos.

After killing gametheos, the protagonist used it's power to reset everything back to normal.

Gameplay :
-Usual RPG style gameplay
-Quests from gods to obtain items
-Defeat all of the demons first before confronting Hades
-Gain allies as the story continues
