Prolog
Prolouge:

Gods.... are those who posses' omnipotence, omniscience, and omnipresence. But the most important of all, eternal life.

Long ago, the balance of the world was kept by two of the most powerful gods. The Virtuous and The Evil, The Good and The Bad, Yin and Yang. Zeus, The Father of All Gods, King of Olympus and Hades, brother of Zeus, Master of the Underworld.

They both ruled at the place they belong in peace. Zeus at Olympus and Hades in hell. Humans didn't know of the existence of the gods before one fateful day. The day that all of hell literally broke loose.

Mysterious figure : Hello Hades...

Hades : What! Who are you?! And how did you get in here?!

Mysterious figure : That's none of your concerns. But it seems to me, that you have lost something of value? What is it?

Hades : Like you said, that's none of your concerns! Now get out of here before I burn you to dust!

Mysterious figure : Hmmm... but I have an interesting offer for you that I bet, you will be interested in. Khe...khe...khe..khe..

Hades : G..E..T.. O..U..T..!

Mysterious figure : What if I tell you, I can break you out of this hell hole.

Hades : That's Impossible! Zeus himself imprisoned me down here!

Mysterious figure : Well then you just have to believe in my power khe..khe..khe..khe..

Hades : Hmph! And what benefit does this give you?

Mysterious figure : Oh no..no..no...
I'm not asking for anything in return. I just want to see you wreak havoc and destruction on Earth and help you get revenge on Zeus. Khe...khe...khe...

Hades : GAHAHAHAHAHA.... I like your point of view. Maybe I'll give you a shot.

Mystrerious figure : Khe....khe...khe... I promise I won't let you down. Khe...khe....khe....khehahahahahahaha...!

That. That was the day. The day hell became empty and all of Hades' army of demons, ghouls, devils, and gods ravaged the Earth and slaughtered the residents of the Earth. Man, woman, child, animals, plants, none of that matters in front of the demons' eyes.

Humans were powerless against Hades' raids. Civilization was almost brought to it's extinction before finally Zeus saw this chaos and monstrosity. That He himself came down from Olympus and helped the humans to fight against the army of his brother who ravaged the earth.

Zeus brought along his army of gods and godesses to support the ongoing war and thus, magic was bestowed upon humans by the gods.

Humans learned to control the gods' magic and they forged many magical weapons and utilities to fight the demons. Many of them were artifacts forged with the help of the gods. But sadly, the artifacts were too powerful to be controlled by regular humans and was kept locked inside temples in hope of finding someone worthy enough to claim it.

The war kept on going with no signs of ever stopping or ending. But the fate of the entire world was about to be changed when a nameless soldier was running for his life
